the quick mask tool here inside perfect
two facts which can also be found in
multiple other modules across the suite
is a wonderful way for you to
selectively apply stylings to your
images my original photo which you can
see here is extremely warm it has a nice
soft background however what I'd like to
do is add a little bit of coolness
contrast and depth to the plane in the
foreground on the right-hand side of my
screen in my filter stack I've created
an adjustment brush layer that does just
that and when I turn it on you'll see
that the plane looks so much better all
those greens and blues really stand out
but the background leaves a little bit
to be desired the quick mask tool is a
great way to cut out the background in
just one stroke found on the left hand
side of your screen in your tool belt
all you need to do to use it is click
and drag over the area of your image
that you'd like to remove and effect
from as it processes it'll go through
and create an almost perfect mask around
your subject if we take a look at that
mask it's done an amazing job outlining
the entire plane just in case there are
any little areas of the image that you
do need to fix up there are a couple of
refinement tools on the left hand side
in that same tool well that you can use
to clean up the edges my favorite is
called the refined brush which you can
find right in the middle I'll go ahead
and select that and all you need to do
to use this one is just click and drag
along in an area that you need to clean
up for instance there's a see-through
top of this plane and right now it's a
little too blue so when I click and drag
over that it's going to refine the edge
of the mask for me and it's going to
bring just a little bit of warmth back
right there and when we take a look at
the mask again it's done a great job of
creating that very very light
transparency there as you can see with
the help of the quick mask tool it's
going to be a lot easier and faster
creating masks here inside perfect
effects to selectively apply filters to
your images